# Mensch ärgere Dich nichtThis is our take on the German board game classic with the same name. Work in progress.## Gameplay### Setup and Goal- The game can be played by 2, 3, or 4 - *one player per board side*.-  Each player has 4 game pieces, which are in the "out" area when the game starts, and which must be brought into the player's "home" row.- The rows are arranged in a cross position. They are surrounded and connected with a circle of fields, over which the game pieces move in clockwise direction.- This means that each game piece enters the circle at the start, moves (clockwise) over the board and finally enters the home row. The first player with all of their pieces in their "home" row wins the game.## Movements- The players throw a die in turn and can advance any of their pieces in the game by the thrown number.- Throwing a six means bringing a piece into the game (by placing one from the "out" area onto the "start" field) and throwing the dice again. - If a piece is on the "start" field and there are still pieces in the "out" area, it must be moved as soon as possible.- When a piece is blocking your "start", any other piece in the game must be moved by the thrown number, if that is possible. - Pieces can jump over other pieces, and throw out pieces from other players (into that player's "out" area) if they land on them. - A player cannot throw out his own pieces though, he can advance further than the last field in the "home" row.## More info about the game... can be found on [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mensch_ärgere_Dich_nicht)